hello whom are we going to do today?
a very simple mobility the truth something
that I had in a book because a friend
mine separador pequeñito de libros
how today would be perfect to create
floor
twitter is so easy to do and then
we are going to make it without artist
you really need paper glue
cardboards things that surely already
you have in your house so let's see
how do you do the first thing that we're going to
to occupy is white leaves and then leaves
of color you see that the colored leaves
they are a little thicker and apart
we need decorated leaves that are
still a little thicker from the leaves
of color we need zeebo glue
in bar and scissors the first thing you have
what to do is draw animals or
characters are cartoon dolls
the one you like the most, paste all our
little pictures on the white sheet and this is going to
be our first layer after we
let's stick on our colored sheets
and this is going to be our second layer
to reinforce them and finally we're going to
paste on the white part of our
decorated leaves so that on the part of
back our spacers have that
design since you have the three layers of
protection now yes we are going to cut
our drawings by leds
be careful because it's going to be a bit difficult
because it's going to be pretty hard on our
separator once you have them all
clipped has the part where it
they become separators for example I
I drew a puppy and I'm going to cut it
lines of his hands just like this
so that the paws can hold on to the
finger sheets just like that and so
you just have to see what part the
you are going to cut your drawings so that
determine the time for example
Kitty also cut the legs and
another juice I completely cut the two
rooms and the piquito the only thing that you have left
to do is give them color and they will be
ready
you see that the
separators and it's a matter of your
imagination creativity what animal
people that you want to do remember that
you just have to put what you think
how it's going to brown on the leaves and
leave out everything is very very easy
so I hope you do and remember
that if you are going to put into practice you do not
go to take a picture and in vain throw
our social networks either those of
new not the tracks with the hashtag of
kraft and show and the hashtag again no
remember to subscribe to this channel for the
part below there is a red button where
you can do it give us a like if you
liked this reality and remember that I
will assume de ibáñez this is letters show and
see you in the next